.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH GENERATE-HEADERS 1 "DECEMBER 2014" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH name
generate-headers \- Generate a table of symbolic names for syscall numbers
.SH SYNOPSIS
[--output 
.I output-file
] [--table-name 
.I name
] [--append] 
.I header-file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B generate-headers
generates a table of symbolic names for the Linux syscalls in
.I header-file
\[char46] The table can be used to create user-friendly messages in programs
that use
.BR ptrace(2)
such as
.BR strace(1)
\[char46] Other uses may include programs that create sandboxes using seccomp.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR output-file
Write output to this file.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-table\fR name
Name the table "name" in the generated header.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-append\fR
Append to output-file.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print the help screen and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit
.PP
.br
With no
.I header-file
, or when
.I header-file
is -, read standard input.
.br
With no
.I output-file
, or when
.I output-file
is -, write to standard output.
.br
With no
.I name
, name the table 'syscall_list'.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
generate-headers /usr/include/asm/unistd_64.h
Generate a table for 64bit syscalls and write to stdout
.TP
generate-headers /usr/include/asm/unistd_32.h -o syscalls.h -t linux32_syscalls
Generate a table of 32bit syscalls and write them to "syscalls.h", naming the table 'linux32_syscalls'
.TP
generate-headers /usr/include/asm/unistd_64.h -o syscalls.h -t linux64_syscalls -a
Generate a table of 64bit syscalls and append them to "syscalls.h", naming the table 'linux64_syscalls'
.SH BUGS
If a double symbol is encountered in the input the program will leak the memory of the earlier encountered value(s).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014 Hein\-Pieter van Braam
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH AUTHOR
Hein-Pieter van Braam <hp@tmm.cx>
